You are a bitch
Sure enough, clean up the trash here
Hey, Mr. Gu is in the company today.
If you have something to do, go to the company to find him.
I'm afraid he's not your turn
Then please defend yourself.
Did I let you scare me?
It seems that the lesson I gave you before was not enough?
Then you come to me
Let you know today
The end of seducing my man
Take off his clothes for me
Aren't you afraid that ghost fans will know your true colors?
Do you think the fans will be provoked by you?
Just a girl like you who has been slept with by everyone
They all want to threaten me
I will reward him with your eyes today.
Do it well for me
Yes, yes, yes.
When I arrived
Let go of me let go of me